Hi, Israq21 here,
Today, I will recap a movie called The Hidden Face
The Hidden Face is a 2011 Colombian thriller film about a woman who could only watch her husband making love with another girl, but she could not do anything.
OK, what's the continuation of the story?
watch out and take care,
This is a spoiler content video, Enjoy the video and let’s start the story,
The film starts with a confused man named Adrian,
he is confused because he finds a video containing a farewell speech from his wife named Belen.
And now Belen is missing somewhere,
and this is the hidden face movie.
The film continues where Adrian goes to a bar and cries there,
he also drinks until he is very drunk,
when he get out from bar,
he accidentally bumps into a stranger and fights with him.
Luckily there was a beautiful barmaid named Fabiana who drove him home.
Even though they just met,
they immediately did a making love scene,
Adrian immediately explored Fabiana's cave until she was satisfied.
Adrian, whose heart is now confused and empty,
finally chooses to move on and date Fabiana,
even he invites Fabiana to stay at his house,
even though the house is owned with Adrian and Belen.
One morning, Fabiana heard a strange sound from the sink at Adrian's house but she ignored it.
after that, two police officers arrived who were handling the case of Belen's disappearance.
However, because Belen's tracks were not detected,
the police suspected that Adrian was the mastermind behind the Belen disappearance case.
Fabiana feels confused here because the police always come to Adrian’s house,
but Adrian only says that Belen left because there was another man in her life.
Fabiana, who has been living at Adrian's house for a few days,
always hears strange sounds when in the bathroom,
plus the lights suddenly go out which makes Fabiana believe that there is a ghost in the house,
instantly the lights come back on
and they feel hot so they are making love again.
When Fabiana was working at the bar,
the police who previously came to Adrian's house turned out to like Fabiana.
The policeman warned Fabiana to be careful with Adrian.
Then it was seen that Adrian's profession as an orchestra conductor was very cool.
There Adrian introduced Fabiana to the orchestra manager so they could get to know each other.
Inside the house, Fabiana felt something odd while taking a shower again,
where the water that initially felt warm suddenly became very hot.
He also always heard a strange sound in the sink like the sound of a pipe being hit.
because Adrian was not at home,
Fabiana was having fun jumping on the bed,
suddenly she saw the key in the hole of the room.
While draping the key around her neck,
suddenly the lights went out and made Fabiana very scared because like someone else in the house,
she was suddenly startled by the dog in the house and made Fabiana faint because she got caught on the piano.
From that incident, Fabiana was sure that the house had a ghost waiting for it,
but here we don't know what the ghost looks like.
Fabiana also brought Adrian to hear a strange sound in the sink but Adrian thought it was just the wind passing through the drains,
but Fabiana still insisted that it was a ghost,
so Adrian threatened the ghost by saying,
Not long after that, Adrian immediately came to the Police Station After receiving news that there was a corpse that looked very much like Belen,
but again Adrian was disappointed because it was not Belen.
Adrian went home and told Fabiana that Belen is no longer in my life.
They hugged in front of the mirror and suddenly this figure appeared.
The scene suddenly changes to a flashback where Adrian and Belen used to live happily together in a small town in Colombia.
There Adrian said that he was chosen to be the conductor of an orchestra in the Colombian capital, Bogota, which is quite far from their current city.
So Adrian asked Belen to come with him so Belen had to leave her job.
Adrian is known as a young orchestra conductor who has extraordinary talent so that the orchestra manager really likes Adrian's performance.
in that city, Belen intends to buy a big house that will be occupied with Adrian.
The owner of the house shows every corner of the house that looks luxurious to live in.
Belen was also given the mandate to look after the dog of the owner of the house while they lived in the house.
Finally they moved to the new house.
At first their relationship was fine until one day Belen saw Adrian being alone with his coworker named Veronica.
So to prove whether Adrian is loyal to him,
Belen also checks Adrian's cellphone.
and it turns out that Adrian often replies to messages and calls with Veronika.
Seeing Belen sad, Adrian said I was just cursing Veronika,
nothing more than that,
because my love is only for you, my dear,
hmm, crocodile.
then Belen asked Adrian to fire Veronica,
but Adrian couldn't do that because he had to be professional at work.
In order not to be very upset,
Belen also confides in the previous owner of the house.
The woman advised Belen to test Adrian's loyalty,
and then the woman showed Belen a Secret Room in her house which was behind the glass where Adrian and Fabiana hugged at the beginning of the movie.
the room is a soundproof bunker equipped with speakers and two-way glass so you can hear and see whatever is happening outside the room.
The bunker was made by the woman's late husband but because the woman had not been in there for a long time,
the sink, closet, bed and other facilities were neglected.
After seeing the room, Belen got an idea to prank Adrian to test his loyalty.
So Belen made a farewell video to Adrian like the one at the beginning of the movie.
Belen hopes that after Adrian watches the video Adrian immediately looks for Belen.
so Belen packs her things and puts them in the secret room earlier.
After Adrian almost came home,
Belen wrote a note and immediately entered the room.
From inside the room, Belen saw Adrian regretful and sad after watching the video recording,
Adrian immediately panicked and looked for Belen,
he also tried to call Belen but couldn't connect,
inside the room, Belen was very happy because her husband was loyal and worried about her.
But suddenly everything changed when Belen wanted to end her prank.
It turned out that the key to the room accidentally fell while packing earlier.
Belen panicked because it turned out that there was no signal at all inside the room,
Belen also tried to pry on the wall there but failed.
To survive, Belen is forced to eat raw canned meat and has to drink dirty tap water.
Now Belen regrets that she has done that prank,
she is even more sad after hearing that now Adrian has given up looking for Belen.
Because she was annoyed, Belen accidentally kicked the water pipe which turned out to be able to give a signal to the sink where when the pipe was hit the water moved like that.
Belen, who was sad because the lights went out,
was made even more sad after seeing a woman,
Fabiana, who was brought home by Adrian,
Belen was even more sad because she saw Adrian and Fabiana are making love in front of her,
Damn it really hurts.
Belen realized here that Adrian was not loyal enough to him.
Belen, who had been confined there for days,
felt jealous to see Fabiana jumping on the bed.
but suddenly Belen was happy because she saw Fabiana found the key to the Secret Room.
Fabiana who was curious about the noises in the sink thought that it was Belen who was confined in a room.
Fabiana also spoke and asked in front of the sink which was then answered by Belen by hitting the water pipe as a sign that Belen was still alive.
Fabiana also saw that the dog kept barking in front of the mirror so Fabiana tried to flip the mirror but she couldn't do it.
Suddenly Fabiana ruffled the bookshelf beside the mirror and found a keyhole.
At first, Fabiana wanted to open it,
but she changed her mind because if it was opened,
Adrian would definitely come back with Belen.
So Fabiana left Belen locked up, because she was already in love with Adrian.
so that Adrian doesn't know the Secret Room,
Fabiana changes the arrangement of their rooms.
after work, Fabiana tries to communicate with Belen again,
but unfortunately no answer from Belen.
Fabiana started to worry and asked about Belen's condition through a letter.
The next day, the police who liked Fabiana came and gave a photo of Adrian's affair with Veronika at work.
But at the same time, Adrian ended his relationship with Veronica because he wanted to start a new life with Fabiana.
Back to Fabiana, Fabiana, who felt sorry for Belen because she didn't get an answer yesterday, finally decided to open the Secret Room.
There she saw Belen lying weakly on the bed
then Fabiana woke Belen gently but Belen, who had a grudge with Fabiana, hit Fabiana and locked Fabiana in the secret room.
Now Adrian went home,
but Belen was not there,
she just left the key on the bed and a photo of the two of them in the mirror of the secret room.
Meanwhile, Belen decided to leave Adrian's life because she knows that adrian is not loyal to her.
and the movie of the hidden face is,
over
Thank you for watching this video, I hope you enjoy it,
Please, give me thumbs up and click the subscribe button,
See you on another video